Frank wants to investigate the latest
tools in the fight against poaching he's
on his way to a specialist dog training
camp a dream would be to stop poaching
completely
and these dogs might just be a really
really good way to help us do that
the dog unit trains animals for the
Kenya Wildlife Service they're flown to
poaching incidents throughout northern
Kenya the silent auctions watch out
beware very fierce dogs not just fierce
dogs very fierce tough hi I'm Frank from
save elephants and Paul from work by
Geeta hi good to meet you
these are your dogs oh yeah that's my
dogs right there are 14 dogs in the unit
each one is trained for a different role
some are used for tracking and finding
explosives while others are used on the
frontline
there's assault dogs what these guys are
doing here is is building a school and
which they're going to train more and
more of these dogs and these are exactly
what we need to really make life
difficult for the people that are
poaching on
Frank is going to see this fearsome dog
in action today does under than assault
dog that tongue Sarah he went he went
over the top apparently and he became a
bit too aggressive and he's a bit too
hard to control now a beautiful dog but
he does look quite wild thousands crazy
past has earned him a formidable
reputation the trainer's have been
working hard to rehabilitate him I'm
going to take doesnäôt so you have to go
out there in the open area so you can
you can see how doesn't work great
he's now the only clue down okay it's
not like before before he was out of
control
Frank's about to find out if their work
has been successful look forward to
meeting him fearfully Emporium has his
own canine companion warm this morning
he's bringing him to meet the girls he's
not quite as intimidating as Talzin
but when he's fully grown he'll have an
important job to do in Samburu dogs are
used to protect livestock from predators
like lions and hyenas
look what silky Luna and Mayan might be
surrounded by wildlife but this eight
week old puppy is exotic